Team Name: Compu-Force
Project Name: PVegas Tour 2K25
Team Members: Daniel Borgh, Dominic De La Cerda, Cameron Pokorny, Jestin Sertle, Andrew Suetholz
Build Instructions: Before starting the building process, you will need to have installed Visual Studio 2022 in order to be able to open the project. In the Visual Studio installer, make sure to install the .Net desktop development workload so that it can execute c# applications on your desktop.

Once that is downloaded, you can access our project in our repository inside of the PVegas2K25ProTour folder. Inside of that folder, you will see the Visual Studio solution PVegas2K25ProTour.sln, which you can then open in Visual Studio. Once the project is open, right click on the PVegas2K25ProTour project in the solution explorer and click on properties.

Inside of the project properties, click on the build page. In the platform target dropdown, select x86, and under the Optimize code section, check the box for Release. After that, in the Output tab of the build page, specify a Base output path where you want the game to be stored on your computer. In the toolbar at the top of the screen, there are 3 dropdown menus specifying build type, target platform, and project. For the first box, select release, and for the second box, select x86. 

The last step is to build the solution by clicking on the build tab in the toolbar and clicking build solution. Once the solution is finished building, the folder you specified in the output path field will now contain the executable file for our game, PVegas2K25ProTour.exe, which you can run by double clicking on it in the file explorer.

Level 5 contains a slight bug, where the 2nd downslope does not act as intended. This happens due to the logic of the obstacle. This would be a moderately easy fix, but due to time constraints and the relative obscurity of the issue, it was never patched. Obstacles have a bug with collision, where if ball is hit in a perfect way can cause ball to appear to be stuck to whatever it has collided with whether it is an obstacle or border. Due to the construction of our collision, it would have been way too large of an undertaking to try and accomplish this debugging. Implementing Full screen doesn't have a bug, but does contain a performance issue, where it may take a while to load Full screen. Coin updating has an issue, where it doen't always update the amount of coins the player has after they are collected. This issue wasn't fixed as we struggled to locate source of the issue.

One of the most prominent design deficencies was our game control class. It became way to bloated, and defintetly was in need of a redesign. It was in desperate need of being broken up into its many functions that it had absorbed, but there was simply not enough time for us to do so once we got our project in a state of full functionality.

In order to regenerate test coverage results for our project, you will need to have pulled the project onto your device from our remote repository and have the project opened in Visual Studio. Be sure that the device you are using has Visual Studio Professional 2022 installed, as the extra services it provides are the only way for you to run test coverage analysis. Under the test tab at the top of the screen, click "Run All Tests" to view our tests running and verify that all tests pass. After the tests have completed, under the same test tab click "Analyze Code Coverage for All Tests" to open up the results panel at the bottom of the screen. The results display overall statement coverage as well as coverage for each individual class.
